The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah. So it's Vince had the original likeness and then, you know,
after a couple of years, it, it had kind of taken over.
Like I lived that like everywhere I went, I was always dressed in black.
You know, what people saw on TV. They pretty much saw in real life.
So if you went.
Out to dinner, I wouldn't.
Dress quite that, quite like that, but I would be an all black,
uh, I didn't say much to people, um, because you had to stay in character.
I always stayed in character.
I always felt like I had always felt like that I needed to be
what they saw on TV, because if they saw me differently,
like if they saw this right. And then they see that on TV, it's like, ah.
It's just acting. It's just this it's that. So I tried to make that guy real.
And I did for a long time. Like I didn't do for years.
I didn't do interviews. I didn't do personal appearances.
You got very little of me other than what you saw on TV.
And that's what kept people captivated. Like, I mean, everybody like,
I know he's not dead, but yeah. But
he's up. He's something's wrong. There's something right. And it kept it,
you know, to, to stay. And I'm not patting myself on the back,
but to stay relevant for 30 years in this industry where there's so much
exposure, I mean, you have to,
I felt like that's the extreme that I had to go to, um, you know,
to, to make that guy continue to mean something. Does it feel almost.
Weird for you to be doing like a.
Podcast is absolutely crazy. So it started, you know,
I, I did, uh, I did, uh,
a docu-series kind of chronicling the last few years of my career.
It was actually me trying to come to grips with calling it a day. Really.
It was called, come.
On, scoot in this way into the microphone.
So we ended up calling it, it had nothing to do with the Jordan deal,
but it was called the last ride, which is one of my finishing moves.
So it kind of chronicled like the last few years of my career and,
and me kind of chasing the dragon for that,
that one match that I could hang my hat on and say, that's it,
that's it. You know? And it, and as you get older and the injuries and all that,
I don't, I don't, I mean, I, I, I figured that in,
but I still see in my head what I used to could do.
And that's what I was striving. I mean,
you've said you've seen it in the fight game all the time.
Guys are looking for that, you know,
they can't come to grips with the fact that their skills have diminished and
there's a changing of the guard. Yeah. And it it's kinda the same with,
with what I was doing. I was looking for that one match that I could say,
I still got it. And now I'm out.
Was there a conversation about this with Vince,
where you were trying to figure out when to close?
Yeah. There, there was lots,
there was lots of those conversations and there were people that I talked to
along the way, you know, through my career, I was like, look,
if I get to a point where my skills have diminished and I,
and I can't recognize it, I want you to tell me,
or at least bring the conversation up, you know?
And it got to the point where nobody wants to have that conversation. You know,
nobody wants to have that like, Hey dude, your day. Yeah, it's up.
It's a real problem. I put a big burden on, uh, on people and, you know,
they just couldn't do it. And now Vince,
who I have an unbelievable relationship with, but, uh,
but also that's a,
that's a huge intellectual property for events 30 years,
you know? So he didn't, you know, I could go out for another few years and,
you know, I could knock somebody on their or I could choke slam somebody,
but I can't do it personally. Right. I can't,
because I know there's so many guys that are coming up that are trying to get
that spot and, you know, I can't go out there and, and, and okay,
I got all this equity built up from all these years. I'm just gonna, you know,
I'm gonna, I'm just gonna live off of that.
But when I was a kid, uh, in Boston, they had a,
it was a local wrestling promotion,
but killer Kowalski killer Kowalski was on.
And I don't know how old he was at the time,
but he had to be way, way up in the, in the years. I mean,
he looked like he was in his fifties. Yeah. And, uh, you know,
I remember thinking like, even as a kid, like how long can a guy do this?
Yeah. It, it varies.
Who's the longest. So you're the longest reigning guy.
I think there's guys, I think there's guys that are like flare lasted.
His level. Yeah. He's the longest by like a lotta he's,
he's probably going to be humble about this right now.
But even then the COBOL skis and all that, the styles were different. Right.
It was more like the arm drags and like little tosses and claw, right? Yeah.
Yeah. And he's, I mean,
he's throwing people off of 16 foot cells and getting
thrown off of tightened, trons, like ramps and all this crazy physical stuff.
It's a whole different game. And he went 10, 15 years,
probably longer than most of his.
Well, the fact that I stayed 30 years with one company,
I think that's the one really big thing is once I started with vents,
I stayed with Vince where a lot of guys, you know, they would,
they would jump from one promotion to the other. And I stayed once I got there,
I was there and, you know, wow. It was a, it's been a hell of a ride.
Yours is a crazy ride. So what was your last match?
My last match was in a, it was April the boneyard. It was April, April, 2012.
Right here.
It's a nice spike.
Yeah. That was a, that's a west coast chopper right there. Um,
that's the bike actually belonged to a Garth Brooks security guy.
But, uh, this, this was, this was,
we got lucky because COVID had already shut everything down.
So everybody else, this is WrestleMania.
So everybody else is doing their matches in an empty warehouse.
And we got to go off and do this, uh,
kind of themed match.
They turned this whole area into like a cemetery and, uh,
got to a lot of theatrical stuff.
So that must've felt like I can hang my hat on this one.
Yeah.
You know that we started filming that at about eight o'clock at night and we
wrapped at about five in the morning. And like, at the end of it,
I was like, I can't hardly stand up. Yeah. Everything was just locked up.
And I was, you know, cause I went into it and you know,
I started training for mania and obviously I thought I was going to be in a
stadium in a ring. And uh,
so I had really got a good head start on my training and you know,
my weight was coming down. Everything was, was good and then COVID hit.
And then it was just like the gyms shut down. And then, you know,
then I got to F I had to get to Florida just to make sure you know,
that I was in Florida. Right. Yeah.
Cause you never knew when they were going to shut all the airlines down.
So the training, you know, my training kind of went to and uh,
but I was really happy with how this turned out and I knew at the end of it
physically at your day is done man. And I, you know,
as much as I want to do it here and I want to do it here,
it's just the body just, it can't deliver. So what do you do now?
I mean, that's a long career. I mean, yeah.
It is. And I'm trying to figure that part out, uh,
because I've dedicated my whole life to this, to this business. And you know,
there there'll be times, you know, I help out and maybe mentor some guys,
but you know, I haven't, I got to find out what I'm passionate about.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan express.